fix: add worker to check for failed GOV.UK Notify sends (#134)
UKForeignOffice/notarial-api: worker/README.md

}
```

## `notifyFailureHandler`

[notifyFailureHandler](queues/notify/workers/notifyFailureHandler.ts)

After messages have been sent to Notify, Notify responds with either a success or error response describing whether the message was added to the notify queue successfully.
This does not, however, describe whether the message was sent to the specified email address successfully or not.
If a confirmation email fails to send to a user, for example if they inputted their email address incorrectly, posts need to be notified so they can resolve the issue.

To overcome this issue, we have added a `NOTIFY_FAILURE_CHECK` queue to handle checking for failed emails every day.

> The schedule for running the checks defaults to 9am every day, but can be configured by passing a cron string to the environment variable `NOTIFY_FAILURE_CHECK_SCHEDULE`.

Reviewer: Could you add this to the env var table please

> After messages have been sent to Notify, Notify responds with either a success or error response describing whether the message was added to the notify queue successfully.
> This does not, however, describe whether the message was sent to the specified email address successfully or not.
> If a confirmation email fails to send to a user, for example if they inputted their email address incorrectly, posts need to be notified so they can resolve the issue.
> 
> To overcome this issue, we have added a `NOTIFY_FAILURE_CHECK` queue to handle checking for failed emails every day.
> The schedule for running the checks defaults to 9am every day, but can be configured by passing a cron string to the environment variable `NOTIFY_FAILURE_CHECK_SCHEDULE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After messages have been sent to GOV.UK Notify, it responds with a success or error depending on if the request to their API was valid. 

GOV.UK Notify will attempt to send the message, and will retry it if there was a failure. Failures may occur when the user has not provided us with the correct email address. A separate GOV.UK Notify request must be made to check for these types of failures.

`NOTIFY_FAILURE_CHECK` is scheduled to check for failed emails every day, and will store a digest of failed email sends.
```
